Request a proof review of README.md 2 (#4)
ALTIBASE/telegraf: altibase/README.md

# Altibase Input Plugin

The Altibase input plugin gathers metrics from an Altibase database system.

## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.

> See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

Reviewer: 지금 이해했어요. In addition to~for more details가 influxDB에서 제공하는 plugin_config 문서 본문이네요...다시 확인해보니 제대로 작동해서 수정하지 않아도 될 것 같습니다!

Author: telegraf에 PR해서 플러그인이 추가되면 문제 없는데...
우리는 PR을 진행하지 않고 ALTIBASE GitHub에 업로드하는거라 링크는 telegraf 원본 풀링크로 수정하였습니다.

> [CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins

Author: ```suggestion
[CONFIGURATION.md]: https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins
```

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one altibase server
[[inputs.altibase]]
  ## Specify DSN
  dsn = "Altiodbc"

  ## Setting the address is optional, and you can set only some of the items.
  ## If you set the address, the connection configuration in dsn will be overwritten.
  # address = "SERVER=127.0.0.1;PORT=20300;USER=sys;PASSWORD=manager"

  ## Specify metric query filename
  query_file = "query.toml"
```

## Metrics

The Altibase input plugin gathers the execution results of SQL in query.toml, primarily querying Altibase's performance views. Refer to the [General Reference-2.The Data Dictionary](https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-2.The%20Data%20Dictionary.md) for details.

> Certain metrics can only be collected when timed_statistics=1 is set in the Altibase server. Refer to the [General Reference-1.Data Types & Altibase Properties](https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-1.Data%20Types%20%26%20Altibase%20Properties.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain metrics can only be collected when TIMED_STATISTICS=1 is set in the Altibase server. Refer to the [General Reference-1.Data Types & Altibase Properties](https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-1.Data%20Types%20%26%20Altibase%20Properties.md) for details.
```
General Ref 문서를 보니 대문자로 안내하고 있어서 통일하는 게 좋을 것 같습니다!

Author: 냅

# Altibase Input Plugin

The Altibase input plugin gathers metrics from an Altibase database system.

> ## Global configuration options <!-- @/docs/includes/plugin_config.md -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Global configuration options
```

Author: 위 다섯째줄만 있으면 telegraf에서 make docs 수행하면 그 하위 내용이 채워집니다.
따라서 위 주석은 유지하는게 맞을 거 같습니다.

In addition to the plugin-specific configuration settings, plugins support
additional global and plugin configuration settings. These settings are used to
modify metrics, tags, and field or create aliases and configure ordering, etc.

> See the [CONFIGURATION.md][CONFIGURATION.md] for more details.

Reviewer: 여기 CONFIGURATION.md 가 깨졌습니다.

Author: 링크는 https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins 인데...
이 내용자체가 make docs로 generate된 부분이라 수정하는게 맞는지 애매하네요.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [CONFIGURATION](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/blob/master/docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins) document of the Telegraf for more details.
```

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Read metrics from one altibase server
[[inputs.altibase]]
  ## Specify DSN
  dsn = "Altiodbc"

  ## Setting the address is optional, and you can set only some of the items.
  ## If you set the address, the connection configuration in dsn will be overwritten.
  # address = "SERVER=127.0.0.1;PORT=20300;USER=sys;PASSWORD=manager"

  ## Specify metric query filename
  query_file = "query.toml"
```

## Metrics

> Altibase plugin gathers the execution results of sql in query.toml, and these SQL mainly queries Altibase's performance views. See the [General Reference-2.The Data Dictionary.md][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Altibase input plugin gathers the execution results of SQL in query.toml, primarily querying Altibase's performance views. Refer to the [General Reference-2.The Data Dictionary](https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-2.The%20Data%20Dictionary.md) for details.
```

> [1]: https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-2.The%20Data%20Dictionary.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Some metrics can be collected only when timed_statistics=1 is set in Altibase server. See the [General Reference-1.Data Types & Altibase Properties.md][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain metrics can only be collected when timed_statistics=1 is set in the Altibase server. Refer to the [General Reference-1.Data Types & Altibase Properties](https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-1.Data%20Types%20%26%20Altibase%20Properties.md) for details.
```

> [2]: https://github.com/ALTIBASE/Documents/blob/master/Manuals/Altibase_7.3/eng/General%20Reference-1.Data%20Types%20%26%20Altibase%20Properties.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * altibase - This measurement gathers metrics related to altibase overview. It has following fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* altibase - Metrics related to Altibase overview. This measurement encompasses fields such as:
```
각 매트릭스에 관한 첫번째 설명 문장을 명사형으로 바꾸는 게 어떨까싶습니다.

  * ALTIBASE_VERSION
  * ARCHIVE_MODE
  * DISK_TBL_USAGE      
  * FULLSCAN_QUERY_COUNT
  * HIT_RATIO           
  * LF_PREPARE_WAIT_COUNT
  * LOCK_HOLD_COUNT     
  * LOCK_WAIT_COUNT     
  * LOGFILE_CURRENT     
  * LOGFILE_GAP         
  * LOGFILE_OLDEST      
  * LONG_RUN_QUERY_COUNT
  * MEMORY_TBL_USAGE    
  * MEMSTAT_ALLOC       
  * MEMSTAT_MAX_TOTAL   
  * MEM_DELTHR          
  * MEM_LOGICAL_AGER    
  * REP_RECEIVER_COUNT  
  * REP_SENDER_COUNT    
  * SESSION_COUNT       
  * STATEMENT_COUNT     
  * UTRANS_QUERY_COUNT  
  * VICTIM_FAILS        
  * WORKING_TIME        

> * Altibase usage - gathers statistics related to Altibase's memory or disk usage. There are measurements such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Altibase usage - Statistics related to Altibase's memory or disk usage. There are measurements such as:
```

  * altibase_memstat_max
  * altibase_memstat_alloc
  * altibase_tbs_total
  * altibase_tbs_usage
  * altibase_mem_tbl_usage
  * altibase_disk_tbl_usage

> * ServiceThread stats - gathers statistics related to service threads of Altibase. There is a measurement such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ServiceThread stats - Statistics related to the service threads of Altibase. There is a measurement such as:
```

  * altibase_srv_thr

> * Query stats - gathers query statistics that can affect Altibase's performance. There are measurements such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Query stats - Query statistics that can affect Altibase's performance. There are measurements such as:
```

  * altibase_fullscan_query
  * altibase_utrans_query
  * altibase_long_run_query

> * Lock stats - gathers statistics on the queries holding or waiting for locks. There are measurements such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Lock stats - Statistics on the queries holding or waiting for locks. There are measurements such as:
```

  * altibase_lock_hold_info
  * altibase_lock_wait_info
  * altibase_tx_of_memory_view_scn

> * File I/O stats - gathers statistics about I/O on individual disk files of Altibase. There are measurements such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File I/O stats - Statistics about I/O on individual disk files of Altibase. There are measurements such as:
```

  * altibase_file_io_reads
  * altibase_file_io_wait
  * altibase_file_io_writes

> * Waits stats - gathers statistics on waits classified by wait event. There are measurements such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Waits stats -Statistics on waits classified by wait event. There are measurements such as:
```

  * altibase_session_event
  * altibase_system_event

> * Replication gap - gathers replication gaps by replication name. There is a measurement such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replication gap - Replication gaps by replication name. There is a measurement such as:
```

  * altibase_rep_gap

> * Overall system stats - gathers overall statistics for the system. There is a measurement such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Overall system stats - Overall statistics for the system. There is a measurement such as:
```

  * altibase_sysstat

## Tags

> * All measurements has following tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All measurements have following tags.
```

>   * dsn - the dsn from which the metrics are gathered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * dsn - the DSN from which the metrics are gathered
```

  * host - the host name from which the metrics are gathered

> * altibase_tbs_usage_per_tbsname measurement additionally have the following tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Measurement 'altibase_tbs_usage_per_tbsname' additionally has the following tag.
```

  * TBS_NAME - tablespace name

## Example Output

When run with:

```sh
./telegraf --config telegraf.conf --input-filter altibase --test
```

> It produces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is as follows:
```
